# FurtureForce-Tech-Launch-Pad-Website

Name: Carlos Orozco

Hours Spent: 7 hours

Implemented Features:

3 defined sections - main header, biography, and videos. [x]

Embedded video of interview questions. [x]

Demonstrate minimal CSS styling of background colors, images, text, and positioning. [x]

At least one accessible feature (i.e color sensitive choices, alt-text for images, etc) [x]

Accesible Features: 

- Underlining when hovering over tabs
- Google Sheet form to contact me
- Links to Github repositories when clicking on project
- Embedded Interview Video

Question Answers:

For me this program screams one word and that's opportunity. I find myself enamored by all things I can learn. The idea of mastering languages such as HTML and Javascript, and working with technologies such as React and SQL is everything an intern could want. I recognize that these are weak points in my arsenal, and I realize from the research I’ve done that FutureForce will make me sound in all of these areas. The pairing of a “curriculum” like this and working with industry employees, I know I will be allocated in an environment where I’ll be able to flourish and ask questions that I couldn’t in a 200 person lecture. I'm honestly overly excited, because as someone that is always willing to learn, I know I’ll be able to thrive with my peers and mentors in such an understanding and open environment like this. When I think of FutureForce, I instantly feel that I could possibly be working for a company that is striving to make a difference through diversity and technology. This is something I see myself doing in the future for sure. I aspire to be a software engineer one day, and although there’s not many latinos in the field, an opportunity like FutureForce would help me massively to reach my goal and break those norms. One day I hope to work for or who knows help create a company that too has a message and initiative that is trying to make a purposeful and positive impact on this world. 
The website and movement I picked is called mijente. The name of this organization immediately caught my attention. Mi jente, means “my people”. This is a phrase that every latino kid can recognize. Growing up I always heard my dad saying this or nuestra jente, which means our people. For me when he said that I knew he was proud to be mexican. When I was young I often struggled with being proud  to be mexican. I thought I was seen as different and even less than others. But as I grew I learned that my heritage and the people who share my heritage have done some amazing things on this planet. As I learned more about my rich culture I felt that same feeling my dad had. I felt the overwhelming pride and delight in knowing that I'm mexican. Instantly, that title brought me back to the same feeling. As I learned more about this organization I found it to be inspiring. Mi jente promotes the fight for political change, civil rights, and so much more for the latino community. So many times I found myself saying why me, when it came to the struggles I experienced growing up simply because I was latino. And a movement like mijente takes these head on. By building a campaign like they have they shed a spotlight on the change that needs to happen for my community. They motivate thousands of people like me to build a better future. They even promote other smaller campaigns in one's local area. Implementing activism in my work is something that I hope I can do one day.
For me I always thrived in the classroom,but I understand in a foreign environment like the one I might find myself in at FurtureForce, I know that learning how to learn might just be more important than learning the technical material itself. Therefore, I know I have to be willing to be as collaborative as possible. Why would I want to find myself spending 2 days on a bug, when I simply could’ve asked my peer and gotten it done in 2 minutes. When I ask questions I hope to capture the complexity of my problem in the most straightforward way possible. This allows the person helping me to return with a straightforward answer as well, leaving both of us in much better situations.  By making it clear what I do and don’t understand, I know I’ll be able to receive a thorough answer that clears up any confusion. If I don’t know who to ask for help I might throw the question into a channel like discord where my mentors and peers could help. I could find myself in a situation, where I might ask, “hey are the values I am returning in file A the same, ones I should be returning in File B, I am currently returning this but, seems to be producing this instead. “ By asking a question like this, the person helping me gets the full grasp of my question.  Another strategy might be to simply ask my mentors who I should ask for help. I could ask, hey  I am having an issue with getting the tabs on the site to be responsive and take me to the contents of the home page, I know this is probably a problem with the frontend of work, but I looked through it and am not sure whats wrong, which mentor do you think should I reach out to? By asking a question like this  I can get to the bottom of things directly.  As the days and weeks go by and using  both of these methods I’ll gain the knowledge to be able to know who to reach out to the second I find myself stuck. 
I know at FutureForce I’ll meet some amazing mentors with even more amazing minds and experiences. Besides the technical skills I learn, I plan on getting the most out of this opportunity by asking the right questions, to those that have done what I constantly dream of. As soon as I get the chance to, I want to ask what kind of risks these people took in their career that have made them who they are today. As someone who sometimes finds themselves doubting whether to take that next leap, I'd love to hear the stories of those who took that leap, and what they did to make sure they landed. I also want to ask about the day to day things they did that allowed them to be successful. I am a big believer that whatever you put in is what you get  out. And finding out the different little things that successful people do, might just help me reach my goals. I know that what might work for others might not work for me, but why not try, the worst thing that can happen is you just find something else for you. Lastly, by the end of the program, I hope to ask someone I worked with what I could do to be better. I believe that the constructive criticism someone gives you allows you to realize the weak points in your skillset that just were not apparent to you. I'd follow this up with asking what I could do to take the next step. This way I’ll be able to know what the industry holds for me and the milestones I wanna reach in the future. 

